Add landing pages for NYC and London workshops (#2460)
pulumi/docs: content/events/workshop-london-2020-09-23/index.md

---
# Name of the event.
title: "Infrastructure As Code Workshop | London, UK"
meta_desc: "Join Pulumi at our Infrastructure As Code Workshop in London, UK and learn more about cloud programming, infrastructure as code, and many other topics."

# The layout of the landing page.
type: events

# The url slug for the even landing page.
url_slug: "workshop-london-2020-09-23"

# Event information
event:
    # The type of activities we will be doing at the event.
    type: ["workshop"]
    # The event address
    location: "70 Wilson Street, London, UK"
    # The start date of an event. Format YYYY-MM-DD
    start_date: "2020-09-23"
    # The end date of an event. Format YYYY-MM-DD
    end_date: "2020-09-23"
    # The start and end time of an event with the time zone.
    # i.e. 5:30PM - 8:30PM (PT)
    # This is only displayed on event specific pages.
    time: "5:30PM - 8:30PM (PT)"
    # The event description shown on the event list page.

>     description: "Join us as we walkthrough Infrastructure as Code concepts via a series of hands-on labs. Topics covered include IaC fundamentals, in addition to application architectures and how to use IaC to create, update, and manage them."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description: "Join us as we walk through Infrastructure as Code concepts via a series of hands-on labs. In addition to IaC fundamentals, we'll cover application architectures and how to use IaC to create, update, and manage them."
```
